added telemetry for ios (#254)
reown-com/reown-docs: docs/walletkit/ios/usage.mdx

try await WalletKit.instance.register(deviceToken: deviceToken)
```

> The telemetry feature aims to improve the reliability and observability of connection flows between decentralized applications (dapps) and wallets.
> It focuses solely on collecting data about code execution and error codes, without tracking any sensitive user information like amounts, accounts etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The telemetry feature aims to enhance the reliability and observability of connection flows between decentralized applications (dApps) and wallets. It focuses solely on collecting data related to code execution and error codes, without tracking any sensitive user information such as amounts, accounts, etc.
```

Minor grammar fix

It provides a comprehensive tracing system for three key use cases:

- Subscribing to a Pairing Topic
- Approving a Session
- Approving an Authenticated Session

Each execution trace consists of:

- Trace Events: Collected to verify the proper execution of code.
- Error Events: Captured when errors occur during the trace, halting the execution trace.

When an error event is encountered, it is stored locally within the SDK along with all preceding trace events.
These stored events are then transmitted to the server whenever the SDK is initialized.

Error event tracing is enabled by default.

> Telemetry Enabled (telemetryEnabled = true):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Telemetry Enabled (telemetryEnabled = true):**
```

- The SDK stores events and sends them to the server.

> Telemetry Disabled (telemetryEnabled = false):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Telemetry Disabled (telemetryEnabled = false):**
```
